# Camouflage Protocol

## SCALABLE &amp; ANONYMOUS &amp; CENSORSHIP-RESISTANT GLOBAL IP ROTATION PROTOCOL

### Introduction

Websites increasingly change their displayed information based on user IP address, location and demographic attributes. This creates a need for companies to do competitor analysis, price comparisons, and data extraction as a simulated user to capture this customized information. Companies which aren&#39;t aware of these practices are at risk of gathering incorrect data and falling behind technology-wise.

Camouflage protocol offers a one-stop solution for companies/individuals that need an extra IP address from our rotating pool of addresses. Instead of getting data directly from a website, each customer&#39;s request first passes through a residential proxy server, before going to and receiving a response from the target website.

From the target website&#39;s perspective, no information about the original machine is sent. Only the residential proxy device&#39;s IP address gets transmitted.

Camouflage protocol consists of (1) **customers** which pay for high-quality, anonymous IP rotation services, (2) **Nodes** that act as operators of the global IP rotation infrastructure and stake our native CAMO tokens as an advertising mechanism, (3) **residential proxy** hosts which earn income by providing their internet bandwidth.

In this system there is **no single point of failure**. Assuming there are enough node operators and residential proxies - **the protocol will work on its own**.

What separates us from the existing solutions is the unique mix of blockchain technology merged with the ever increasing need for anonymous data gathering.

Our competitive advantage can be summarized by examining the network effects generated by cryptonetworks.

1. Camouflage protocol is open-source, thereby allowing many skilled developers to audit and submit proposals to the code.
2. Our protocol allows anyone to participate as a node operator and residential proxy, thereby spurring healthy competition.
3. Customers can be completely anonymous by purchasing our services with ERC-20 stable coins.
4. The overall growth of the network benefits everyone including passive and active holders (node operators) of our CAMO token through a token buyback mechanism.
5. Governance model allows the decisions to be made in a decentralized and transparent manner.

### Customers

A customer is an organization or an individual using our IP rotation infrastructure. As part of the Camouflage protocol, the customer consume our service through a user interface.

The customer is offered an **anonymous experience** while using our service and is able to complete payments using an ERC-20 stable coin. For less crypto-savvy customers, there is an option to purchase USDC through a third party solution such as [https://ramp.network/](https://ramp.network/).

Upon logging in to our user interface, the customer is offered a list of available node operators which are filterable by their score and quality. Upon choosing a node, the customer is prompted to deposit the minimum amount of 10 USDC to start using the service.

The advantage for our customers is anonymity, competitive pricing and direct payments to the actors providing the service.

### Proof of purchase and node reputation

Upon depositing a minimum of 10 USDC, customers are eligible for **node scoring**. A score is either **positive - thumbs up, or negative - thumbs down**.

Scoring is a global variable written on the smart contract. To prevent spam and untruthful scoring, the deposit is required since it works as a &quot; **proof of purchase**&quot; making spamming the nodes with bad scores uneconomical.

### Node maintainers

Each node can join the protocol by depositing a minimum amount of 500 CAMO tokens on a smart contract. After 10 residential proxies attach to the node, the node is activated and advertised to customers. The node is given the option to deposit a larger amount of CAMO tokens to reach a **premium position** among the available nodes.

The node's CAMO tokens are **locked upon deposit** for the duration of 6 months to ensure the right incentives for providing the best service possible.

### Residential proxies

A residential proxy is registered on our protocol by installing an executable on their local internet-connected device running Windows, macOS or Linux. We will offer a user interface enabling the proxy owner to register their wallet and receive payments in USDC stable coin.

### Payment process

Payments are streamed through a smart contract. The execution of the payout is in control of the node operators. The criteria to issue a payout is 100 USDC accumulated on the smart contract.

Payments will be divided in the following manner: 20% to Residential proxies, 20% to node operators and 60% to buyback CAMO token from a decentralized exchange and transfer that amount of CAMO token to a **treasury smart contract**.

USDC coins on the smart contract are deposited on the Aave protocol [https://aave.com/](https://aave.com/) earning further interest, and thus nodes are informed the longer the **payout is deferred,** the **higher the earning potential** is for all the participants in the protocol.

### Automated Token Buyback Mechanism

During the payout process initiated by node operators, 60% of all fees in USDC deposited by the customers will go into an Automated Token Buyback Mechanism. This contract will swap the deposited USDC for circulating CAMO tokens. Those CAMO tokens are then moved to the treasury. This creates a **constant buy pressure** for CAMO tokens and reduces the circulating supply of CAMO - ensuring that the value of CAMO token has **positive price pressure** correlated to the activity of the Camouflage protocol.

An important function of the buyback mechanism is that it aligns the incentives for both the passive and active CAMO holders. Each node operator in the protocol benefits from increased traffic on the other nodes, thereby offsetting potential negative network side effects due to competition. Financial value of the overall network is derived directly from the user demand as opposed to the traditional systems whereby a company&#39;s worth is a function of profit. If we take Twitter as an example, the price of Twitter&#39;s stock only reflects Twitter Inc&#39;s ability to monetize the data - and not the actual worth of the service. It&#39;s in everyone&#39;s best interest that the protocol **serves the customers seamlessly**.

### The Treasury

The CAMO tokens held inside the treasury smart contract are the common good of all CAMO Holders. Any holder can propose CAMO token issuance based on the system outlined in the governance section. Issuance from the treasury increases the circulating supply of the CAMO token and creates downward price pressure - the funds must be used responsibly and with the best intentions for protocol adoption and growth in mind.

### Governance

The Camouflage protocol is upgraded with a hybrid of **on-chain** and **off-chain** governance.

The payout process, customer fees, treasury spending, reputation and staking mechanisms are all subject to on-chain governance proposals. The model used will be a well-known, battle-tested approach utilized by Compound and Uniswap protocols described in the following documents: [https://uniswap.org/docs/v2/governance/process](https://uniswap.org/docs/v2/governance/process/), [https://compound.finance/docs/governance#introduction](https://compound.finance/docs/governance#introduction).

Off-chain coordination will occur in an informal public forum and will affect the node infrastructure code as well as residential proxy executables. Proposals are submitted as pull requests to the official code repositories.
